# CASProject
This Project we are trying to print header Name of Be Cognizant Website, Profile Validation etc

Problem Statement: 
1. Capture the user information and verify the user information.
2. Verify Page Header View.
3. Verify Under Corporate Functions, go to Legal & Corporate Affairs to see whether it is displayed or not.
4. Click on Ethics and Compliance and verify whether it is displayed or not.

Detailed Description: 
1. Navigating to Be-cognizant and capture the user information and verify.
2. Store every header (Company, Service lines, Sales Resources, Markets and Countries, Corporate Functions, People etc.) in collection and print in console.
3. Also capture sub-heading and print in console.
4. Under Corporate Functions, go to Legal & Corporate Affairs to see whether it is displayed or not you have to verify and then click on it. 
5. Then click on Ethics and Compliance and verify whether it is displayed or not.
6. Verify whether you have successfully navigated to the Ethics and Compliance page.
7. After navigating you should print all the information displayed on that page.
8. Under Key Ethics & Compliance Focus Areas which are all information is present just display it.
9.close the tab.


Key Automation Scope:  
-Extract menu items & store in collections 
-Handling different browser windows 
-Taking ScreenShot
-Data Driven Testing

 
 


About this Project:
-src/test/java contains,
•	pageObjects
•	testBase
•	testCases
•	utilityMethods
-pageObjects package contains page object elements and methods.
-testCases package contains all the test cases.
-utilities package contains,
•	ExtentReport
•	ExcelUtils
•	DataProvider
-report folder contains,
•	automation-report.html is the report generated by using the Extent Reports.
-pom.xml contains the dependencies which required for the project.
-testng.xml file is for running the test cases.
-test-output folder contains testNG report and other files.
 
Tools and Technologies used:
-Selenium with Java in Eclipse IDE
-TestNG
-Maven
-WebDriver Manager
-ExtentReports
-Logger
Plugins:
maven-compiler
 maven-surefire
 
By: Parag Das, M Vijay, Pallavi Panda



